{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MBMS\
\
Truly, how can i accomplish this project?\
\
there is a blogging section\
there is a  classes section (which is like a blog)\
	-classes need their own re-usable forms\
		-there could be just a standard form that you add to your file\
there is a a schedule section\
\
//ok, maybe i\'92m just frustrated that i\'92m still working on the same projects and i\'92m yet to put them to rest! Maybe that\'92s it. Maybe if I just fucking finished them and didn\'92t leave the stone unturned.\
//here\'92s the goal. Have mbms ready to show marianne at *least* the ability to add new classes. That\'92s a good goal. Fuck the calendar\'85 you can figure that out later. Get that thing ready by friday.\
\
What if the schedule could be created dynamically? for example, when you make the class page you could enter in the date information. That could work\'85\
\
\'97the video project of porting a static site to a dynamic site\
\
for the calendar\
	you should be able to have a drop down menu where you can add classes\
	if field is blank, don\'92t render that date\
	instantiate a new \'91month\'92\
		\'91month\'92 populates with weeks/days\
			days hold fields to fill out\
	\
the goal is to finish this project as *quickly* as possible\
\
version 1, I suppose, has no schedule.\
if I could use something, perhaps even react, to dynamically update the \
\
}